What?
Good to go, Celeste. Okay.
All right. Welcome, everyone. I'd like to call to order the Andover Board of Education's
meeting. Today is 09/11/2024,
and we'll start off with the Pledge of Allegiance.
Black is very active. Sorry.
I pledge allegiance to the of The United States Of America
and to the republic for which it stands, one nation
under God, indivisible,
with liberty and justice for all.
Okay. We'll start off with, comments from the public. I'll refer to everyone on the screen. Miss McGoldrick?
I'm all set. Thank you.
Miss Hartnett?
All set.
And for May?
>> You think so now you're gonna catch me.
Biana, anything? No? Okay. Eric? No? Okay. Thank you.
Alright. Any
communications?
Does anybody have any communications?
No? Okay.
Student
celebrations?
>> So it's
not gonna appear quite like a student celebration, but I think it fits in here. Obviously, I'm celebrating that we are here. We are in session. The students are here. But I thought this might be a nice time while I couldn't we don't quite have some student celebrations yet to share that I would share our new staff with you guys. So Yeah. I'm just gonna quickly
share the screen.
Oh, that comes right up.
>> Alright. So we have a few new staff members I wanna share with you. My name is Reed Parker. I'm one of the parents here at AES, and I am super excited to help nurture young minds. And I'm really excited to meet the rest of this.
This is Brie Parker, our new paraeducator.
What's she in town?
>> She's parent. I know. Is she assigned to a class? Or Most of our paraeducators are in several classrooms. So depending on any yes. Some are in preschool, but if not, they're in several classes. This is Jody Knight. She is our new speech pathologist.
Oh, I appreciate that. Yep. She we she has shared. She's part time with us and part time in Scotland. Laura Forrester, our new pre teaching I'm Laura Forrester. I teach preschool, and I'm very excited for the school year. Laura comes to us with about four years of experience at a lab school.
Hi. I'm hi. I'm Laura Forrester. I teach preschool, and I'm very excited.
Super excited.
There we go. We have Anthony, which I think many of you have gotten to meet just in the evening while you've been here.
>> Ready? K. Hi. I'm Anthony. I'm the second shift custodian, and I'm at the beacon in.
>> Anthony's a real jokester. Told us he didn't wasn't setting up for tonight, and then was.
Ready? Got it. Fine.
We
>> have Lindsay Kotchewski, our new PT. She's also part time and works in Marlborough as well, which is nice.
Happy to be in our region.
Sarah Goodness, new pre K teacher.
Really? No.
>> There you go. Hi. I'm Sarah Goodness. I teach pre k, and I'm so happy to be here in Andover.
>> Sarah's brand new to teaching. So it's in her first year, and she's student taught in Marlborough, actually. So also in the region.
Hi. I'm Sarah Goodness. I teach three k, and I'm so I wonder if you guys remember each one. Yeah. There's gonna be a quiz late. Shauna Farris. Shauna is taking Bethany Wolfspot from She's our new school counselor.
>> Hi. I'm Shawna Farris. I'm the new counselor for Annie Gym, and I'm at Andover Elementary on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
And I am so excited to be there. It's an adorable school. Everyone is very, very friendly, and I already am having so much fun with the kids that I'm working with. So I'm happy to be a part of the community.
>> And Shauna is also in Hebron at Gilead Okay. Which is great.
But
Brie O'Donnell is a paraeducator in preschool.
>> Did you start the recording?
Yes. Excellent. Yes. I wanna make sure it's done. Yes.
>> And then Holly get her picture. Holly Stavnitsky is one of our other new paraeducators.
Wonderful. Glad to see. So I thought I would introduce you to our staff.
It's going super well, and they are all very excited to be working with our kids. That's great. Thank you. Thanks for doing that because I know there's a lot of Absolutely. And sometimes it's to put a face to an individual.
>> Yep. Good. Alright. Alright.
Just went twice, so it should be.
Okay. Did everybody have an opportunity to take a look at the meeting minutes from August 21? I did. Okay.
Anybody have any
corrections?
Anything?
No? Okay.
May I have a motion to approve the minutes? I move we approve the minutes for
the meeting on Wednesday, 08/21/2024.
K.
>> One second. Next slide. All in favor? Aye. Okay. All in favor. Thank you. I have to abstain. That's right. You weren't here. Okay. So one, two so four
and one abstain. Okay. Thanks.
Okay.
Anybody
opportunity to add or delete any agenda agenda items?
No? Okay.
Alright.
Celebrations. I have a celebration.
I'd like to celebrate Valerie's birthday, although be a belated.
Happy birthday to all of us.
Enjoy. I'll
leave the celebration. So but thank you very much, Valerie. Happy birthday. You can move it over?
Okay.
Chairperson report.
All right. So I wanna again welcome everyone. School started. We're week three.
I hope everyone,
had an opportunity to read the River East. There was a great article in there about our school.
So thank you, Taylor and Valerie, for connecting with the reporters. I thought it was great. It leaves a really nice spotlight on our school.
And so thank you.
I wanna just talk briefly about the SNP account.
I know we talked about it at our meeting last month and that it was gonna be on the agenda for this month.
I'm still
gathering information.
I have a email in to our auditor to get some more information, so I'm not prepared to make any kind of presentation this month. So what I'd like to do is
put it on our agenda for next month. Okay? So
alright. And then
I just wanna take a moment to remember what happened today, twenty three years ago.
I'm sure everybody,
remembers where they were on this day, and I just felt that it would be appropriate to just kinda recognize,
today.
I know that this
day will hold a special place in our hearts and in our minds.
And I just want to just take a moment to remember the ones who died, their families and their loved ones, and of course, the first responders.
So
that's all I have.
Valerie, take it away.
>> So
grant updates and facility updates.
So the grant updates, we've fully extended
what we had been working on for a while, the last of the ARP ESSER,
which actually started in 2021.
The deadline was the thirtieth, so we're fully expended on that one of of September.
And all of that ARP ESSER COVID money is now gone. That was the last of those,
of those grants. So we started ground zero again.
I got for ground zero in September 11. I'm sorry. The
Right to Read grants also,
we've expended the Right to Read grants. We had
It's
just globally.
>> We had two of them. They were for the purpose of the mandate
for the new k three
required reading program where we had put the waiver in, and we wound up choosing bookworms.
We were able to really utilize that for the k three. Of course, we did wind up between last year and this year having to invest in the four six end of it,
but all of the k three reading,
supplies that we needed associated with it came out of their professional development,
that Taylor will talk about will which will wind down in October from the money that we had with that right to read.
So we're we're good in that department. That one's over and done with as well.
We had this summer that IDEA,
TSA, paraprofessional
paraeducator
grant for 5,000, and that was to assist with,
the extra professional development
for paraeducators
in between the
the PMT training
and the
what was the other one we did, the big one,
CPR.
And then there were a couple of other ones that were choice
of the paras
between those as topics. And
we were able to then obviously pay staff if it was nonwork time. So even though that three two one that we now have that the state set up with all of the topics for paraeducators,
If they were able to do any of those modules on their own time,
obviously, the pay for that time came out of there as well. So we've extended that as well. But for the most part, between the summer and the start of the school year,
those, if you remember right from last year, the required eighteen hours that need to be in there for paraeducators,
most of them are actually fairly close right now to having completed, and we're only still in September,
they're years' worth of. So from here moving forward,
obviously, they're, welcomed and invited to participate during the course of the year and the others. But, you know, happy to say that because of that grant,
most of our peer educators are are now satisfied
with what that mandate is.
And then the summer enrichment grant, I mentioned last month. So all the paperwork's been done on that. That one's done and closed out now. So
so we're good. We're moving forward. And then this is the point that for October, November, December, we just cross our fingers and keep watching and seeing what other ones are gonna be opportunities to open up. Any of the ones that are still open that were two year grants, remember, we are currently working still on one of our mental health grants,
which is what we pay a portion of Kara Ormsby,
our school psychologist out of. We had extended her time
with that grant so that we're still in the year two of that. And the summer mental health
program that we had will expand to next summer as well. So that's kinda where we are with that.
Financially and I know that this usually comes under school readiness, but financially in terms of grants, school readiness grant and the Smart Start grant,
we're in a good place with those right now. Our spots are filled,
and so that money will help to
maintain the four rooms.
And then tuition will
supplement the rest of the salaries because we have four teachers and and paraprofessionals.
So, right now, we're looking really, really good in that department as well.
I know that when we opened the fourth one, we said, you know, will we or won't we hold our breath and see if we'll be financially self sufficient? At this point,
when I look at projections for tuition and I look at the Smart Start of School readiness, I'm still seeing a potential of about 22,000
to be in a deficit,
but it's early in the year for that.
It's definitely early in the year for us to to to say that. But that would be the worst case scenario, which, you know, I always like to to let you know.
And so,
yeah, that's that's where we are financially in terms of grants. In terms of facilities,
for the good and the bad, having Scott now as our head custodian, Taylor and I every day are like, you know, you can stop being so good now. Yeah.
He takes the job very seriously, which is great.
But what winds up happening then is you're like, careful what you wish for.
We we do have a much longer,
you know, wish list now of in the next couple years, the the smaller things that need to be done that
I can't say we're neglected because that's not fair to say to Steve Steve Campbell because that's that's not accurate.
But things that kind of were back burnered,
and now it's time to not have them be back burnered so that they don't become a problem.
And so, for example, coming up this month, we will have somebody in to clean. There's some soot that is
kind of
congregating the bottom of the boiler. And, you know, if we don't have that cleaning, which is a cleaning that's over and above what we normally would do,
then it could cause a problem later on. So as we go through the financials,
you'll see with with Terry's tonight that she had sent to you guys,
We will start to have a few unexpected smaller things. I'm not worried about them at this point, but it's not because things are in a bad place with facilities.
It's because some of the things that we're like, yeah. We'll get to that one. You know? It's time for us to make sure that we're putting it on there as
repair and maintenance before it becomes more than just maintenance. And so you'll start to see that. Just so that you guys know what some of those things are,
because now would be the time to put them on the list.
FPT,
which is our fire
the company that that that oversees
our fire alarm system.
We've had for a long time where if there's a short
if there is a power outage or anything like that where anything triggers that to go into alarm, and then
it has to
be restored in a manner that it shouldn't be.
What I mean is there's no auto restorer it. So Scott and I kinda joke about that because that's usually usually happens, like, in the middle of the night, and my phone goes off, and his phone goes off, and we get text messages. And in the morning, I'm like, you know, the woman's name appears on there. Her name is actually Aria, and I always say, Aria is calling me again. And he's like, I know. I know.
So,
that needs to be fixed. Because if it's ever where the two of us aren't able to access that, one of us can't
restore it that way. So, that's probably gonna be about $1,200
to have them come and reset that panel,
but that does need to be done. That's something that we've been living with for a while, and we just don't wanna live with that any longer. So we're gonna have them come in and say, how do we fix this so that it doesn't happen every time there's a little power glitch there.
There is a door in the music room
that, it's not an unsafe door right now. But,
when that door is heated up, that door,
would get stuck for all intents and purposes, an outside door. And they, a couple of times, had come and,
like, filed it down. Mhmm. And it's to the point now where,
we do have to put that on a list at some point, to have somebody come in and potentially replace just the door portion of it because, otherwise, the gap underneath is gonna become too large. Okay.
And so, you know, we are things like that. That doesn't necessarily have to be done this school year, but those things are things that we are starting to put on that list now because it makes sense to do that.
And I did tell Scott, although I tease him about finding things like that. We always wanna have those on a list because every once in a while, when certain grants come up,
there are things like that that can be put in them. And so we we we wanna know that that that's on our list to be written in there. And lastly on there is there is
none of the AC units in Room 221.
I didn't know that that one was there before I got here. When we put those in when,
right after COVID, when we put them into all the rooms with the COVID money,
I didn't know that there were a couple that had existed in server rooms before.
So this one's not working right, and they said it's because the age of it. And I said, the age of it? We've only put them in in twenty twenty, twenty one. And they said, no. No. No. That one's older. And as we went back through, Scott and I went back through, we realized that, yes, in fact, that one is much older. That one was one that had existed here long before that because the server closet
was in Room 221.
So, you know, we have a quote from our regular service company, USA Mechanical,
but that one will have to be replaced because if it's on,
it leaks.
And then when it leaks,
you know, where it leaks into will wind up moldy. So she has to just not use it right now.
And it's fine because it's September right now, and this has been a fairly recent,
you know, new
thing. But it's gotta get done before the spring
because if it doesn't get done before the spring,
we will wind up not being able to have that in there. And like I said, there's a server closet in there. It's a classroom now for
for Demastro.
So so those are the things on the list. It's nothing, you know, life urgent, but these are things that we're starting to add to the list so that when we see quotes come in, it won't be a surprise. So he's doing a great job, though,
of making sure that,
we have all that going. And then last thing for me, is,
well, two things. Last thing I I, on the facilities is I told you that before we ever even consider, I know you did vote to have us go ahead and start to look at that HVAC,
evaluation that needs to be done. Thank you. But, I am waiting for my results from the other district so that I can kinda know that process all the way through.
And remember, it is
you know, we wanna get it done so if there's money there, but I wanna see that project through there, start to finish, so that I know what we're dealing with. And so they're gonna send me the report this week, and that way, we'll have a little bit more indication because there may be some things that we can look at ahead of time on our own and be a little bit better prepared. So I haven't forgotten about that. I'm just waiting for the results from the other one so that I know a little bit more about what that process is. And then the last thing is those of you who sent me your sign ups for the cave convention, those are all in.
If there's anybody that changed their mind one way or another, you wanna add a day, take a day away, you said you couldn't go, and now you could, just let me know. But it'll never be too late to sign you up. It's just we would have to sign you up separate. But everybody else who put in your names for the convention in November,
you're already set and ready and signed up. Thanks, Bob. Great. Thank you.
>> Does anybody have any questions for Mel? Quick on the server room. Yep. Is there any risk of that getting too hot with that AC not working? Because I know, like, they keep the, like, refrigerators on It's not the server room. Okay. It's a server closet in there. So it doesn't serve everything.
>> It's that because I didn't even know that there had been an AC in that room, but at one time, that room was used for something else. Okay. And since it's still a closet server closet in there, that's why it's in there. Okay.
But, no. There isn't a risk. The rest of the servers, there's one down there, and there's one in the other. So they're all set.
>> Scott's been kinda monitoring the temp and Okay. Opening windows if he really felt like it was Yeah. Luckily, the temp is
weather's changing. Yeah.
So that's a good question.
>> Any anybody else?
No? Alright. Thanks, Dawn. Appreciate it. Taylor,
>> you're awesome. Alright. So you'll see I wanna start with the enrollment report today because it's just so exciting to see that 240 number, two months in a row.
So we had quite the I always forget when our last meeting was. It was before school started. Right? Yes. Yeah. I I mean, it was wild. The week before, still like to believe the move ins. Like, I think, you know, two or three days before, we had two or three new kids. I mean, it was just it's great. Houses, you know, have come on the market and sold, and so we're we're pumped to be at two forty. We have filled all of our 60, preschool spots that we talked about, and it's
honestly amazing. I don't think if you walk through the halls, you'd be like, there are 60 preschoolers here. They're just
it's
like an it's like a mad you know? It's And, you know, like, the classes are really just doing super well. They're adjusting.
Our new teachers are adjusting. The team is doing great. New pair,
new paras as well.
>> They don't have a name.
I'm not Just so we're clear.
Sorry about that.
Just going to monitor the
just wanna make sure they're moving for a moment.
Jessica? Go ahead. You know, we just sometimes have had some experience, so I would like to be careful.
>> Okay. So,
so that's great. The 60 preschoolers, we're really excited to have them. We've already getting, you know, a lot of positive feedback from parents and,
from the community. So that's been awesome.
I know we talked, Val mentioned a little briefly about bookworms, and we are up and running there.
In terms of professional development, like she mentioned, we were able to get, four days through the University of Delaware, which is awesome. They that is where the author
is actually does her research and work from. And so there's
there's really that kind of grassroots feel where we're getting the PD straight from the source, and it's not really this huge
conglomerate company. So teachers are really responding to that feel of they care about instruction and care about our kids. So they're really excited about that. We'll have two days in October and a couple of days later on.
So they've they're diving in head first, but with more and more PD to come, which is kind of set up ideally that way so they know almost like what are the trouble spots and what are the questions we have,
and how can we work on those. So that will be coming up. We did also spend a lot of our PD time in the beginning of the year,
sharing with Mike just on a lot of new mandated trainings that are coming out for teachers.
And so we wanted to make sure we put in the time and the effort to make sure we were following all
legislation that had passed just in May April and May. So we're caught up there and happy about that. I know I mentioned at the end of oh, is it June or July when we went through student survey data? Can't remember exactly which month. But when we did that, one of the things we talked about was there was a couple student response areas that we wanted to improve, and they were around having that trusted adult, if you recall Yep. And feeling good about school.
And so we talked about some things to come. Some of you have heard one of the initiatives we're doing is the house system,
very Harry if that's a
if that's something
you can compare it to. Well, it's not the Harry Potter houses. There is no Slytherin, everyone.
But but but just so you can kind of attach it to something and really well, yes, it's fun for kids and it's good for climate. The goal is to create some of those relationships
that otherwise wouldn't naturally happen. So a student in a fifth grade class with missus Hopkins may not be in the same house as missus Hopkins, but they might be in the same house as missus Beck in third grade and
be able to build that relationship on those days and have that mentor.
Also, cross age with kids because those houses will have pre k to grade six, gives a lot of mentorship, leadership opportunity for our older kiddos. And it's funny when you talk to the kinders in first grade, they get to feel both. They go like this when they're like, I said, you're gonna have some preschoolers. And they, you know, they go up, but then when you say, there's also gonna be some big kids. You know? So it it kind of serves all purposes and creating some excitement around that and just really giving us another way to positively reinforce students to to display student work to really just build that.
Because we are not a PBIS school, so to speak, we're not ticketing kids all day. We're really relational, and we believe in building positive relationships with kids. And so this kind of builds on to that. So we're excited about that as well.
>> And then real quickly on the housing. Sure. So do you have specific meetings
>> Yes. During the week or during Yep. So they will have a house meeting Okay. Once a month. And then as we get up and running, the goal is if you think with our numbers, you have about, say, 60 kids ish, give or take, in a house. It is up to fate, so it will not be exactly even, which drives some of our a types a little bit.
They don't believe that the math of my wheel will be perfect, but I am trusting it. I'm trusting it. Right, Faith? But one of the goals as we get up and running is within those 60 to make those smaller groups of eight to 10 with our certified staff so they can start to build, like, what we talked about with those little mentoring
kind of groups and relationships where they would also be able to meet on a regular basis. Of
course, it's always a balance of time from academics and time towards this. So it's something that we're building together as a staff, but we're excited.
We've started our spirit days this week, and we couldn't believe it. I mean, it was almost every student in the building today in red. It was it was really cool to see, really, a lot of
good stuff. So Yeah.
>> And then in October, I just want to mention real quick. Next month, I will be able to share
SBAC and some of the data with us. You might have seen the state just finally.
Always takes them a while to release it publicly. So I can share a little bit more about that and some of our goals, for the. That's great. Thank you. Mhmm.
>> Any questions for Taylor? Does anybody have any questions? Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Taylor. Appreciate it. Absolutely.
Terry?
Terry.
Where are you, Terry? I
have Terry. Thank you. Thanks, Val. Yeah.
>> Oh,
So you guys having the packets her report that she sent to you.
If you look at the front, the 2025 custom expenditure report in the front, that's the one that, just lists it by,
on two pages, the shortened version. Yep. The
only thing that obviously, percentage wise, is summer school because summer school is is over
and done with. So we use 93%
there. We usually use a 100%, but, just remember that we were working on a couple of grants this summer, so there were a few things that did wind up in a grant. So that's why there's $437
left there to be transferred at some other time during the course of the year.
I know that, another concern is usually, if anything, this early in the year is higher than 20 or 30%.
So,
if you look down at the medical and the dental benefits, just know that we,
already made a July, August,
and September
payment
because we do monthly payments for our medical insurance to the spring group, and I actually think she might have already sent in October.
Our monthly
bill
that we send in,
our payment is about
67,000
for the medical benefits.
And so that doesn't include dental or life insurance or any of those other things, but that's about what we pay per month.
And that's the board's,
you know, share there.
Let's see.
Repair and maintenance,
you see that 60%.
As I said, that line probably
will be a line that goes over in the next couple of months, and,
you know, then we'll have to make a decision.
If we can comfortably take from someplace else at this point, you know, that's what we that that's what we would do.
Communications
down there is something that's a little bit higher there too, but there are a lot of,
subscriptions and related services,
lease agreements and things that are signed at the start of the year,
and that's where that one comes in. And the same thing with, if you look at the end there, the dues and fees,
in terms of,
50% being used already
because we have already paid Already paid. Some of our memberships. So other than that, I mean, everything else right on par there to where it needs to be. Do you have any questions on what's in here so far? I know it's early in the year, so it's not too much.
>> Any questions? No? Okay.
Alright. I'm right along. Thank you. Yep. Bell. I'll cherry do the big job.
Okay.
Liaison reports.
>> School readiness, I know remind me again, but we're we're on now. Or Well, yep. So we we have we're gone back to we're gonna have our own school readiness committee. We're excited about that. We have a new liaison this year,
Paula Goosland, who'll be working with us, and we our first meeting is in October. Okay. And so as Val reported, though, we have filled all of our school readiness slots.
So we're looking really good there. That's great. Awesome.
Mike and Jerry, any curriculum updates?
Shannon, any
>> Yes.
Tribal policy, the board of selectmen comes started to consider it on Monday night. Okay. They've put it off to their October meeting to give them more time to consider it. Okay. I'm hoping at the end of September, the board of finance will take action on it Okay. Positively.
And then we'll see if we can finally
>> the PTA raised enough money to put in the playground. Oh, great. Yes.
So Oh, wow. Megan.
So we talked about an unveiling.
So we will we're gonna make a special announcement
at being back to school night next week. But everything will go well. We will have a new playground installed
by Thanksgiving. So Wow. Yes. So we're very excited. So we did it. We did it. With
everyone's help. Thank you.
Okay. So next up is the executive session.
>> So I make a motion to go into executive session for the purpose of interviewing candidates for the Board of Education vacancy. I'll second that. Thank you. All in favor? Aye. Okay.
Alright.
Okay. So
>> I'll make a motion at 08:29 to come out of executive session.
I'll second it.
K. All in favor? Aye. Okay.
Alright. So now Alright.
>> Okay. So
item for discussion and action. A BOE vacancy. Vote to appoint candidate to fill a BOE vacancy.
What was everybody Sorry. No. No. Just let me know. I'm sorry. Sometimes it's a little slow.
Yeah.
Okay.
Alright. Are we ready to vote? Okay.
Jerry?
>> Take one. Thanks
both of you for coming in. Thank you so much. Talking
with us.
It's tough tough decision, tough choice.
I recognize you.
So my vote goes to you.
Okay.
>> Go ahead. Yeah. I mean, to echo various times,
I think that from, like, my time
doing the same exact thing, trying to decide, a, put my hat into the ring
and,
b, thinking about,
like, why I myself did it in the role I built.
It's hard to decipher
to kind of fit the role the board needed the most at this moment in time with everything that's going on with us and town,
other boards, the community.
And after we
I
the discussion kind of carefully
deliberated
and
and figure out who's picked up the most
I mean, that's
fine.
If we could that all we've got the kind of bridge what we need right now
for being at this time.
>> Great. Again, thank you both,
and my vote is for Viada.
>> You both did tremendously, and you both bring tremendous
possibilities and outreach to the community.
Interestingly enough, while you both were separate, you both had very similar ideas,
which are really
difficult. It made it more difficult. But
it's very difficult to make this decision. I like you very much, Brianna, but I think, Eric, we need another
dad on the board to help round out the board. Mean, so my vote is is correct. Thank you, Shannon. And,
>> again, just thank you. Thank you for your,
you know, like, your call to action. I we appreciate it. Thank you for your willingness to serve on this board.
My vote is for Viada.
So that would be three for Eric and two for Viada. So,
Eric,
You are welcome to stay for the remainder of the meeting. We don't have much left. We're gonna have to go back into another executive session, so, it's up to you. But you are welcome to go to the town hall tomorrow to get sworn in, and our next regular board meeting is on October 9. Okay. Alright? So
thank you. Beanna, thank you. I welcome you. And your call for the stay, or if you wanna go home and whatever. Just
>> I know this is after the fact of whatnot, but please continue to help us and be involved. I know you have before, but please do that. We need everybody.
Thanks.
Alright.
I already did.
Oh, would you like cupcakes? No. Did.
We had.
Jenna, left.
>> It's a fundraiser. But Yeah. Right. Everything's a fundraiser for the Thanksgiving.
Okay. Next up is the report on August Town meetings. Jerry, that was you. Well,
>> I attended both of them. Okay.
The board of finance and the board of selectmen.
The board of selectmen really had nothing to say about
the board of education.
We were not mentioned. The
Board of Finance,
Shannon
knows that they tabled
the acceptance of the policy that she and
Robert England grew up.
So it seems like that it it's going like the rate of a glacier.
Hopefully,
it'll go through. Okay. So
>> that was the last
assigned meeting. So what I'd like to do is just assign future meetings.
So I know Caitlin's not here, but she hasn't been assigned a month. So what I'd like to do is just
and just so, Eric, you're aware, one of the things that initiative that I did when I became chair was
to assign a month where one member
of our board would either in real time attend a town meeting or watch it after the fact and then report at the next board meeting
if there was any board of education
business, you know, anything discussed relative to the board of ed. I felt that it was important
for us to kinda learn the players in the town, to learn how their meetings are held, and then to report them, you know, back back to the other members of the board.
So
we've all have done that. So what I'd like to do is just sign
the upcoming months.
So I'll have and I'll reach out to Caitlin to let her know. I have September, which means next month, I will talk about what was discussed in September.
I'll have Caitlin do October.
Mike, I have you down for November. Sure. December for
Shannon,
January.
>> Okay. I shouldn't be December only because I'm I'm may not be able to well, I can watch it afterwards. I I can swap if you want. No. It's okay. I'll do it. I'll do December. Okay.
>> Brie, I have you down for January.
Eric, I'll put you down for February. K. Alright. Jerry, I have you down for March, and I have you down for April.
And then we can kinda take it up. I'm so far away. Been over this. No. I I think that you it's fine on today.
Well,
it yeah. So
I have up until April, and then we can talk about it, after that. So
March?
Yes, sir. Yep. And what I'll do is I'll send an email out just so everybody has it, and I'll let Caitlin know that she's up for, October.
So,
okay. Any
discussion with that? I appreciate it. Thank you very much. I think it's very helpful.
Okay.
Comments from the public on agenda items. I'll start off with our folks on Zoom. Jen McAlljerick.
I am all set. Thank you. Thanks, Jen.
>> Kimberly, who's on?
I'm all set. Thank you.
Thanks, Kimberly.
Liz Liz low low check?
Low catch. Sorry.
>> Oh, you got it. Thanks. No.
The only thing I would ask is,
who who is the person that's supposed to update the town website with the board of ed
meetings?
Because it was kinda difficult to find the agenda
on the town website.
>> I
Kate Kate
Kate Morrissey,
who I think is
secretary
to town No. I'm sorry. The tax collector. Tax collector. I I would follow-up, Liz, with the
with Kate Morrissey at the town.
>> Okay. Thank you. It that would be it would make it I like, I missed a lot of them beginning in the meeting because I couldn't find the agenda and whatnot and had to go over actually to the school site. So
just curious. Thank you.
>> And Liz, just so you know, it's also on the school website under Board of Ed.
Our packets are always there as well. So if you can't find it on the town, you can go to our website.
Okay. Thank you.
Thanks, Liz.
Missus Fraser.
I'm all set. Thank you.
Okay.
Eric, do you have anything?
We have to go ahead? No? We got it? No?
Mister Kelly? Yes.
>> So during the agenda items of communications,
and then again, during the superintendent's report or I'm sorry, the chairperson's portal report.
I didn't hear any mention of official communication that the chairperson had with me via email since last
board meeting? It was not mentioned in my oral report.
Okay.
So
I
have a letter here that I've signed
>> that I Again, Brad, I'm I'm gonna ask you that this has nothing to do with what's on our agenda.
I've addressed your concerns via email, and I have those have been addressed. So I recognize that you threatened our side to shut me down,
>> but Liz asked a question that was not related to the agenda items, and then you opened
discussion with her and you discussed with her. So I really
voiced
disagreement with that and discontent. Okay.
Noted.
>> I would like to read So at this time, we're gonna go into executive session for the purpose of the BOE self evaluation and the superintendent evaluation.
>> Oh, you can leave those. Can I speak can I have a motion? Make a motion to go into executive session for the purpose of ELE self evaluation and superintendent evaluation.
>> Thank you. I second it. Alright. All good. Alright.
Okay. Thank you.
>> And there's nobody in the waiting room? The recording now. I make a motion to come out of executive session at 09:54.
>> I second it. Oh, Liz is. Sorry. Hold on.
Oh.
All in favor? Aye. Aye. Okay. Alright.
Okay. Alright.
Have no other action items. Correct? No? No. Okay.
Upcoming board meeting. Our next meeting is October 9.
So far, items for next meeting, we will have Buss and O'Neil here for the plumbing project proposal.
I will definitely be
able to talk about the the SIP account and and have a discussion about that. So that will be on there.
I
don't think 200% of my report. I don't know if you want SBACs. SBAC. Yep. Yeah. On the agenda versus my report. And then I know we did last year towards the end of the year. We had some kids come and everything. I don't know if we can start doing that. That that would be that would be great. So back results
Mhmm. For Taylor.
Anything else? I think that's it. Okay. Alright. Voting with Jared. Thank
you, Jared. All in favor? Alright.
Submute. Thank you.
Alright.
955.